this video is a short demonstration of "time patching" in synfig
this experimental feature allows reusing objects in animation
without interfering with their timelines
first, lets take a look at our character
as you can see, it has several predefined poses
for convenience i  placed them at whole seconds timings
(otherwise, there will be a problem if we use different fps settings)
now lets look at file that reuses the character
at the start of timeline, those imported characters still have their old waypoints..
this is our imported layer
but it's imported as "time patch" layer, not mere "group" one
lets jump to uncontaminated time position to see it in action
here's where the magic happens
the time patch parameter
here it goes from 0s to 2s
so if it would be a "free time" layer..
.. you'd expect to see this 1s pose in between
but when "time patch" is roughly 1s, we see nothing like that!
we see a pose properly interpolated from 0s and 2s poses
now lets play with time-patch waypoints
and see the change of transient waypoints of the sub-canvas
change interpolation type..
..move waypoint..
if we try to move transient waypoint however, we fail
that's all for now